Update the Cookstyle description to use the project descriptions (#2116)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/cookstyle.rst

=====================================================
`[edit on GitHub] <https://github.com/chef/chef-web-docs/blob/master/chef_master/source/cookstyle.rst>`__

> Cookstyle is a code linting tool that helps you to write better Chef Infra cookbooks by detecting and automatically correcting style, syntax, and logic mistakes in your code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cookstyle is a code linting tool that helps you write better Chef Infra cookbooks by detecting and automatically correcting style, syntax, and logic mistakes in your code.
```

> Cookstyle is powered by the RuboCop linting engine. RuboCop ships with over three-hundred rules, or cops, designed to detect common Ruby coding mistakes and enforce a common coding style. We've customized Cookstyle with a subset of those cops that we believe are perfectly tailored for cookbook development. We also ship Chef specific cops that catch common cookbook coding mistakes, cleanup portions of code that are no longer necessary, and detect deprecations that prevent cookbooks from running on the latest releases of Chef Infra Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cookstyle is powered by the RuboCop linting engine. RuboCop ships with over three-hundred rules, or cops, designed to detect common Ruby coding mistakes and enforce a common coding style. We've customized Cookstyle with a subset of those cops that we believe are perfectly tailored for cookbook development. We also ship Chef-specific cops that catch common cookbook coding mistakes, cleanup portions of code that are no longer necessary, and detect deprecations that prevent cookbooks from running on the latest releases of Chef Infra Client. 
```

Cookstyle increases code quality by:

> * Enforcing style conventions and best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Enforcing style conventions and best practices.
```

> * Helping every member of a team to author similarly structured code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Helping every member of a team author similarly structured code.
```

> * Establishing uniformity of source code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Maintaining uniformity in the source code.
```

> * Setting expectations for fellow (and future) project contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Setting expectations for fellow (and future) project contributors.
```

> * Detecting deprecated code that prevents using the latest Chef Infra Client releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Detecting deprecated code that creates errors after upgrading to a newer Chef Infra Client release.
```

> * Detecting common Chef mistakes that cause code to fail or behave incorrectly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Detecting common Chef Infra mistakes that cause code to fail or behave incorrectly.
```

Cookstyle vs. Rubocop
=====================================================

> How does Cookstyle differ from RuboCop?

Reviewer: I think it would be better to get rid of this question and then just tell the user a quick summary of the benefits of Cookstyle. Maybe:

```suggestion
Cookstyle is more stable than Rubocop and is customized for Chef Cookbook code. This means that linting Cookbooks with Cookstyle will be more consistent and less likely to produce CI test failures.
```

> Tailored for Cookbooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Reviewer: I think it would be better to get rid of these sub-headings (**Tailored for Cookbooks** and **Stable**). There isn't enough content in the sentence above "Tailored for Cookbooks" to warrant a new sub-section and there is only one short paragraph with one significant point after each sub-heading.

> -----------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Cookbook development differs from that of traditional Ruby software development, so we have tailored the list of built-in cops in RuboCop for cookbook development. For the most part, this means disabling cops deemed not useful for cookbook development. Occasionally, we've changed the configuration of a rule to enforce a different behavior altogether. We've also extended the base RuboCop package with a set of our own Chef Infra-specific cops. These cops are only found in Cookstyle and will help you to write more reliable and future-proof cookbooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cookbook development differs from traditional Ruby software development, so we maintain a tailored set of built-in cops from Rubocop. Cops that are not useful for cookbook development are disabled and occasionally we change the configuration of a rule to enforce a different behavior. We've also extended the base RuboCop package with a set of our own Chef Infra-specific cops. These cops are only found in Cookstyle and will help you to write more reliable and future-proof cookbooks.
```

> Stable

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> -----------------------------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> RuboCop is an incredibly active project with new cops being introduced monthly. The new cops cause existing codebases to fail CI tests and force authors to constantly update their code. With Cookstyle, we update the RuboCop engine for bug and performance fixes, but we only change the set of cops that will fail tests once a year during Chef Infra's April major release. All new cops are introduced at RuboCop's "refactor" alert level, meaning they will alert to the screen as you run Cookstyle, but they won't fail a build. This stability means you are free to upgrade releases of Cookstyle without being forced to update your infrastructure code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New cops are continuously added to Rubocop. New cops can make existing codebases fail CI tests and force authors to constantly update their code. With Cookstyle, we update the RuboCop engine for bug and performance fixes, but we only change the set of cops that will fail tests once a year during Chef Infra's major release in April. All new cops are introduced at RuboCop's "refactor" alert level, meaning they will alert to the screen as you run Cookstyle, but they won't fail a build. This stability means you are free to upgrade releases of Cookstyle without being forced to update your infrastructure code.

```

     - The file contains a fatal error.
   * - ``W``
     - The file contains a warning.
   * - ``R``

>      - The file contains code should can be refactored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The file contains code should can be refactored.
```
